enabled passing of corrupt files to map (#7018)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/7018.feature.rst

> We added the ability to pass corrupt fits files to map, using the existing keyword argument ``silence_errors``.

Reviewer: Maybe something like this for the changelog?:

```suggestion
Added the ability to skip over errors raised when passing invalid fits files to map using the existing keyword argument ``silence_errors``.
```

> Added the ability to skip over errors raised when passing invalid fits files to map using the existing keyword argument ``silence_errors``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Added the ability to skip over errors raised for invalid fits files when passing a list of files to map using the existing keyword argument ``silence_errors``.
```
